[Bulk] Validation Fixes (#258)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/sdk-native/index.md

---
title: "Bing Maps SDK for Android and iOS | Microsoft Docs"

> description: "This article outlines Bing Maps SDK for Android and iOS, listing resources on how to get started, map control concepts, map control API reference, and map services API reference."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The overview page for the Bing Maps SDK for Android and iOS section contains links to information about Bing Maps keys, license and terms of service and to the different topics covered such as getting started with Android and iOS, map control concepts and map control and services API references.
```
